# A1: Eventful

**Eventful** project is an online information system created to administer and coordinate events of all kinds, allowing users to explore, search and enrol in events of their interests.

The goal of this web-based project is to encourage the gathering of the community, families and friends, by smoothing out the organizing process, while being a safe ground for tolerance, empathy and awareness. Anyone can browse the main hub for events, **search one by title, tag or date**, and **find users through their usernames** to see their public information and feed on their profile.

**Eventful** users are separated into two groups with different permissions: **guests** and **authenticated users**. While **guests** can only browse and search for events, **users with authenticated status** will also be able to create events and are granted access to a profile of their own, allowing them to edit and display it the way they desire. Furthermore, they can obtain tickets for events and even use promotional codes to get the **attendee status** for that event, gaining the ability to comment and manifest their interests in the said event through polls created by the respective event hosts. **Comment authors** will be able to edit and remove their comments and **event participants** will have access to a QR Code to enter the event.

**Event hosts** have full control over the event: they can choose to make it public or private; they can cancel it; they are in charge of the management of the tickets to be sold (price, availability, limits, among other things) and invitations.

On the technical side of the product, **website administrators** are responsible for the well-functioning of the project by managing event reports and taking down events/accounts that have been reported to be harmful.

This platform will provide easy navigation and an adaptive design that’ll allow users to have an enjoyable experience.

# Team

* Adriano Soares, up201904873@fe.up.pt
* Filipe Campos, up201905609@fe.up.pt
* Francisco Cerqueira, up201905337@fe.up.pt
* Vasco Alves, up201808031@fe.up.pt

***
GROUP2122, 31/10/2021
